# Project Proposal
## Research Question
What college degrees are the most beneficial for a lucrative career? <br> Many people are getting out of college nowadays uncertain about the degree they received. There are also many that are uncertain about what degree to pursue. With the job market being so competetive, it is very interesting to see which degrees provide provide the most opportunities to a person. 
## Potential DATA
Looking through websites like kaggle, there are many datasets that showcase the wages of college graduates and non college graduates. I would also look for datasets that highlight how fast it is to obtain a job. This is a potential link with this data: <br> https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/wsj/college-salaries <br> Analysis of this data would provide a great view to those that are in college and those that are hesitant about collegem, some true benefits that a degree may provide. It is also important to look at the field of work when looking at these datasets. This is also another dataset that may give more insight https://corgis-edu.github.io/corgis/csv/graduates/.
## Conclusion 
I think the results for this analysis would favor those with a college degree to a certain extent. I think for major fields in the job market, such as business, engineering, medical, etc., there is higher value for those that complete a college degree and graduate. For other fields, it can be seen that college degrees are not really necessary to find opportunities. But overall, I still predict that there would be favor towards those with a degree rather than not. 